Q: Tell us about your previous Scrum team:
A: "We had a team of 10 people in our scrum team:
 Product Owner Elena,
Scrum Master - Oleksandr.
Me and another SDET, Iulia, were in charge of QA for all the work done
by our very talented dev-team of 6: Khrystina, Noor, Soukaina, Amir, Mina and Marwin (he was working from home, so I actually never seen him). We all followed a "yellow brick road", i.e. Agile-Scrum framework for planning and executing our scope of work.
Q: How was your product owner?
A: "Ooh, she was very strict and demanding, showing up every day until she started dating that Iranian singer..."
Q: How did you communicate among the team?
A: “It was always very intensive and two-ways - every opinion matters. We practiced lunch-n-learn sessions at work. Our scrum master ordered a pizza (for some reason it was always pepperoni) and we reviewed the progress, threats and opportunities. We went out time to time Friday nights for a drink and for introducing western pop music to Mina until she became too annoyed with that…”

One day, in the morning, at out daily stand up which we normally have at 10 am via Zoom, we had too much parking lot items so we have decided to adopt Brown bag
 meeting so we can have a lot of side talk. Following friday we had our first Brown bag meeting where we were eating, as always, our favorite peperoni and Dunkin
  donuts  and found out that Noor was in deep love with Enrique Iglesias, she was dreaming if she goes to his concert he will take her to US... That did not happen so
  she had to come to States on her own... Hopefully once we finish the course I will make enough money to buy her the tickets so she can finally go to his concert...
  Who knows, maybe he will take her to his house.... Dreams meant to come true u know... But, shockingly we found out that Mina have never heard of Enrique! We have
  momentarily forgot about our project and have spent the remaining day discussing how it is even possible. But that's not the end of a story.... Closer to the evening we found out about Mina's second secret( Who knows how many
  of them Mina has in her closet......) She does NOT have an instagram account, ever since then Mina became an exhibit. Mina, on the other hand, did not really
   like being an exhibit (but honestly I don't think that was a real reason, I think she just really-really wanted to check Daurent's pictures cause she saw on
    our daily stand ups that he has a huge bar in is apartment, so I personally think that she just wanted to check if she can find something interesting for
    herself on his shelf....) so back to the story, she have created an IG for herself!
    Later on, we have discovered that our remote SDET Marvin is an artist, so we have an exhibit again, but this time the real art pieces!
    Days passed by, we have been working on our project soooo hard until...... she did something...... Yes, you are right, it's Mina again...... One day she got sick
    and instead of distancing herself from everybody she showed up to our Zoom daily stand up and made half of our team sick! Noor is in the hospital, Soukaina is sick,
    even Svetlana's dog ran away( I think he thought sick Mina is at the meeting again). So, after that incident we have adopted Covid-19 rules to our company and from now on,
    on we at all our Zoom meetings we have to wear masks...
    Going back there was one meeting I missed, probably the most important one because everyone saw Daurent's apartment and huge bar, so now I can't stop thinking
    about it..I wish we can have one more meeting where we can all see each other..
   PS: Here Mina comes, half of the story is about me, i did not know i was loved by you all that much :)
   I do have lots of secrets in my closet, guess next one is what?
   
   ohhhhhhhh so interesting essay !


   OMG i just read the part of Enrique hahahahaha ....i cant stop laughing
        i will pray for you to get the job as as possible to make your promise to be true lol


       hahahaha very funny :)